Document how to play with app next and backend or backend-next (#24470)
backstage/backstage: packages/app-next/README.md

# example-app-next

This package is an example of a Backstage application using the [new frontend](../../docs/frontend-system/index.md).

To play with it, open a terminal and run the command: `yarn start`

> **Note**: Don't forget to open a second terminal and to launch the backend or [backend-next](../../docs/backend-system/index.md) application using `yarn start` too command !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** Don't forget to open a second terminal and to launch the backend or [backend-next](../../docs/backend-system/index.md) there, using `yarn start`! The frontend requires a backend to connect to.
```
